key VARCHAR(255),
city VARCHAR(255),
country VARCHAR(255),
name VARCHAR(255),
nickname DOUBLE,
auto_coral_scored_1 DOUBLE,
auto_coral_scored_2 DOUBLE,
auto_coral_scored_3 DOUBLE,
auto_coral_scored_4 DOUBLE,
auto_coral_missed_1 DOUBLE,
auto_coral_missed_2 DOUBLE,
auto_coral_missed_3 DOUBLE,
auto_coral_missed_4 DOUBLE,
auto_auto_collected_feeder_station DOUBLE,
auto_auto_collected_coral_3 DOUBLE,
auto_auto_collected_coral_2 DOUBLE,
auto_auto_collected_coral_1 DOUBLE,
auto_auto_collected_algae_3 DOUBLE,
auto_auto_collected_algae_2 DOUBLE,
auto_auto_collected_algae_1 DOUBLE,
tele_algae_removed DOUBLE,
tele_algae_processed DOUBLE,
tele_net_scored DOUBLE,
tele_net_missed DOUBLE,
tele_coral_scored_1 DOUBLE,
tele_coral_scored_2 DOUBLE,
tele_coral_scored_3 DOUBLE,
tele_coral_scored_4 DOUBLE,
tele_coral_missed_1 DOUBLE,
tele_coral_missed_2 DOUBLE,
tele_coral_missed_3 DOUBLE,
tele_coral_missed_4 DOUBLE,
tele_misc_played_defense BOOLEAN,
tele_misc_lost_comms BOOLEAN,
endgame_deep BOOLEAN,
endgame_location DOUBLE